2 plan tracker options are being visible. Profile completed need not be in first, if there is any pending data to be given then it should show, need data or incomplete, if it is completed then it is sided to right or least prioritized and today's rprogress should be available and let's make it simple.
1. In health checkup, the chat data is not getting stored and being cleared when we go to next section. 
2. the new details are not getting added to the profile but only summary is getting. When we click on the document on uploaded document on profile, it should show the pop up card with summary details and there should be checkup or analyse button available. when we click on it, it should take us to check up page and the prompt is automatically given to AI and the it will respond in chat. 
3. Similarly, document related to the user is reflected in profile but if it is someone else, it will not be reflected in profile but stays in check up chat page only. 
4. blood group option is not available when signup first but when we click on edit then it appearing. Same is happening in Medical condition also, the values are pre tagged when in profile but in first signing, it is just text input. Also, I want document upload available in signup also at the very first go so that, the AI could grab as much details as possible and auto fill and then the user is asked to fill mandatory fields. Also, whatever the mail they have logged in, include it in profile so that user can have an account of the mail. Ask for mail during signup also.
5. the design is not compatible with the mobile ratio. Make it most suitable and responsive.
6. The AI response is too big. I want it short and simple based on user answer and questions. it shouldn't test user patience level. Give relevant prompt.
 
Another problem case and benefit:
1. Sometimes, doctors mislead patients with wrong diagnostics and some may put ambiguity not always intentional but also by mistake. This AI check up anlysis will remove that ambiguity and provides genuine diagnostic reports on uploaded document in clear and short understandable response as first response and can give in detail explanation upon user request.